chore(docker): containerize repo (#351)
algolia/search-bundle: README.md

Encountering an issue? Before reaching out to support, we recommend heading to our [FAQ](https://www.algolia.com/doc/framework-integration/symfony/troubleshooting/faq/) where you will find answers for the most common issues and gotchas with the bundle.

## Use the Dockerfile

> If you wish to contribute to the repository but would like to avoid installing the dependencies locally, we provided you with a Docker image.
> Please check our [dedicated guide](DOCKER_README.MD) to know more.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to this project without installing all its dependencies, you can use our Docker image. Please check our [dedicated guide](DOCKER_README.MD) to learn more.
```
